a 7-ton male stegasaurus ito is a
herbivore but very dangerous the large
plates on his back are primarily there
for display it is the meter long spikes
on his tail and make him so lethal these
he can wield with devastating effect
despite having a very small brain for
his body size the crush moves further
down the canyon away from the
Stegosaurus but to Allosaurus have also
been drawn here by the smell of prey
the Stegosaurus flushes blood into his
plates creating a frightening display of
color
confused and intimidated by the
herbivores display the Allosaurus backs
down
Soraa portlets are small prey for the
Allosaurus these are the lions of the
Jurassic the top predators of their age